
See the README one level up about where to find the reference manual
for the stm32f4 and schematics for the board.

Bought one of these:

http://www.sparkfun.com/products/9598

Only focusing on watching the midi data, hooked it up to my Roland
drum set.

You really dont need to go through a microcontroller, the uart in
a pc has many divisors just like a microcontroller does its a matter
of telling your os/driver to select the midi baud rate.

Midi at the hardware level is simple serial port stuff, 8 bits no parity
one stop bit.  The strange thing about it is the bit rate, we are
used to rates like 115200, 57600, 38400, etc.  Midi runs at 31250.

First look for bytes with the upper bit set, from there you will
usually have bytes with the lower bit set that go with it.  I saw this
roland link

http://media.rolandus.com/manuals/TD-12_MI.pdf
http://media.rolandus.com/manuals/TD-20_MI.pdf

I have a TD-9 and the messages are similar and/or the same.

Oh, so this stm324f chip has many uarts.  Uart2 is hooked up to the
midi breakout board.  RX on the midi breakout board.  And uart 3 to the
computer at 38400 baud.  Whatever the software sees in on uart2 it
sends out on uart3.  The leds change state for every character
that comes in as well.  A lot of overkill but that is okay.

This breakout board and the midi shield from sparkfun are pretty much
the same, the use an optoisolator and power it from the 5V and ground
with RX being the received, isolated, signal.  The optoisolator is not
limited to 5V, I think it goes from 0.5 to 7.  This microcontroller is
3.3V based so I am using the 3.3V to ground to power the optoisolator.
As anticipated it works just fine.

So this midi protocol is a bit interesting there appears to be a 0xFE
character, perhaps four times a second.  I did not try to change settings
(yet) on the drum computer, perhaps this is a tempo thing that has
been set or perhaps a standard thing.

For drum beats the 0x8n and 0x9n commands are used.  Since a drum beat
is a fast thing (unlike holding a key on a piano indefinitely) you get
a note on and note off pair, three bytes per.  The velocity on the
note on appears to be the strength of the beat.  Since midi data has its
lsbit clear it is limited from 0x00 to 0x7F.  A hard hit is a 0x7F and
lighter hits are smaller numbers.

The high hat pedal used a 0xBn 0x04 vv where vv was the pressure, 0x7F
being harder 0x00 being fully released.  As the pedal was applied you
would see several messages showing increasing pressure.  Instead of
triplets though starting with 0xBn 0x04 vv you would see a single 0xBn
then 0x04 vv, 0x04 vv, pairs.  Several to many pairs as needed.

I imagine that timestamps are desired to determine exactly when the
note happened.



